Lord Providence
Even if you don't like me
You shouldn't joke about medicine
This is what saves our lives
The condition has not been diagnosed yet
It's not good to use drugs indiscriminately
Nonsense, I'll be fine after drinking the medicine
Explain that you are a Christian doctor
It is. It is.
The doctor is uneasy
How much does it take to put that piece under his hand?
Lord Tianyi
Instead of arguing with me
Why don't you help me?
Everyone is too busy
I said don't ask
When is it?
Don't argue with Dr. Fang
Now people's lives are at stake
Can you not be unreasonable?
Just because people's lives are at stake
That's why I can't use you at will
Ouch, I'm dying of cravings.
Get him emetic
Come on, I'll go
Don't come and make trouble
Who gave you the prescription?